# Minutes of Meetings 15/11/2025
+ Next meeting 22nd Saturday 10am.
+ Might look at SSH keys next meeting
+ Oscar will complete view tasks menu and main menu by next meeting.
+ Ostap will get work done on file saving using .csv by next meeting.
+ Oisin will figure out what can be done based on the state of the ui by next meeting.
